Thirty palms
Miss Xia Yu
This servant is willing to do it for you
I am the future princess
It's Xie Taifu's daughter
You can't hit me
What about the princess?
Jiang Wanyue is the princess of this king
I'll give Wang Gongzi a prescription
You can eat it for three days.
More business
I'll send someone to bring the consultation fee in a while
Little money fans, that's 10,000 taels of gold
After you marry me
The entire palace is yours
At least the gold million is mine
It's all yours.
Please take me to meet the ancient merchant
I will make you pay for it.
What are you looking for him for? Your father sent me a letter
Who was the person who hurt him that day?
I don't know, he ran away
However, we suspect that it is the emperor's person
But I have no evidence
There is no way
I hate that I can't help you.
If not for you
We're already dead. Relax.
There will always be a way
These two days